Improve Snowflake section and extension warnings (#1275)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/browsers.en.md

If you use iCloud, we also recommend checking to ensure Safari's default download location is set to locally on your device. This option can be found in :gear: **Settings** → **Safari** → **General** → **Downloads**.

## Additional Resources

> We generally do not recommend installing any extensions as they increase your attack surface. However, uBlock Origin or AdGuard may still be useful if you want content blocking functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generally do not recommend installing any extensions as they increase your attack surface. However, uBlock Origin or AdGuard may prove useful if you value content blocking functionality.
```

> We generally do not recommend installing any extensions as they increase your attack surface. However, uBlock Origin or AdGuard may still be useful if you want content blocking functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generally do not recommend installing any extensions as they increase your attack surface. However, uBlock Origin or AdGuard may prove useful if you value content blocking functionality.
```
